Announcer: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
AND NOW!
WE COMMENCE WITH
THE GRAD MATCH
BETWEEN ZANE TRUESDALE
AND JADEN YUKI.
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
[THINKING]
ZANE THINKS HE'S GONNA
OUTSMART ME AGAIN.
BUT NOT THIS TIME!
HERE I GO!
I'LL ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION!
AND FUSE WILDHEART
WITH ELEMENTAL
HERO BLADEDGE
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDEDGE!
SO DO YOUR THING,
WILDEDGE,
AND GO WILD ON THOSE
THREE CYBER DRAGONS!
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
POWER BOND
AND WITH IT I CAN
SUMMON BACK AN OLD FRIEND...
THE CYBER END DRAGON.
[THINKING]
JUST GREAT.
LOOKS LIKE USIN'
MY HEAD
HAS GOT ME HEADED
TOWARDS A GIANT LOSS!
YOU'RE THROUGH!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4 KIDS PRODUCTIONS
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
SO, WHAT NOW, JADEN?
YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT
MY DRAGON?!
YOU'VE GOT ONE MONSTER,
AND HE IS ABOUT TO BE
BLASTED INTO OBLIVION!
IT'S OVER FOR YOU!
[THINKING]
NO, IT CAN'T BE OVER.
I KNOW I CAN THINK
MY WAY OUT OF THIS.
AND I BETTER START...
OR ELSE!
COME ON! WHAT'S WRONG?!
UNLESS...
YOU'RE AFRAID.
IS THAT YOUR PROBLEM?
OHH...
WELL, FINE!
I'LL PUT YOU OUT
OF YOUR MISERY!
CYBER END DRAGON, ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST!
I'M PLAYING A TRAP!
SOUL UNION TAKES
BLADEDGE'S ATTACK POINTS
AND ADDS ALL OF THEM
TO WILDEDGE!
THAT'S POINTLESS.
YOU SEE, JADEN,
WITH MY POWER BOND,
I STILL HAVE ENOUGH POINTS
TO TAKE OUT YOUR WILDEDGE.
[THINKING]
AW MAN, HE'S RIGHT!
GUESS I BETTER PUT
MY THINKING CAP BACK ON.
OH WAIT, IT WAS ON.
COME ON! THINK, BRAIN!
YOU HAVE GOT
TO FIGURE THIS OUT!
FAREWELL, JADEN.
CYBER END DRAGON...
ATTACK!
AND END THIS DUEL!
AAH!
[THINKING]
MAN UP, JADEN!
YOUR WHOLE YEAR COMES
DOWN TO RIGHT NOW!
AAH!
SORRY, ZANE!
BUT WE'RE NOT DONE...
YET!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND--
THAT HIT YOU SQUARE ON!
THIS MATCH SHOULD BE DONE!
Woman: NO WAY!
HOW'D HE DO THAT?
JADEN...
[PANTING]
AW, MAN...
TALK ABOUT ACTIVATING
A SPELL JUST
IN THE NICK OF TIME!
THANKS,
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS.
HA...
HMM?
NOW I'LL PLAY
HERO SIGNAL!
WITH THIS, I CAN
SUMMON ANY CARD
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
IN ITS NAME!
AND WHO BETTER THAN...
BUBBLEMAN!
AND SINCE HE'S ALONE,
I GET TWO MORE CARDS!
[THINKING] I MAY HAVE
SURVIVED THIS ROUND,
BUT JUST BARELY!
SO MUCH FOR USIN'
MY HEAD OVER MY HEART!
NOW IT'S MY TURN...
AND I SUMMON
CYBER KIRIN!
AND IF I SHOULD HAPPEN
TO SACRIFICE HIM,
ALL CARD EFFECT DAMAGE
GOES TO ZERO
FOR THIS ONE TURN.
AND OF COURSE,
THAT MEANS MY POWER BOND
DAMAGE IS NEGATED!
A FLAWLESS PLAY!
YEA, TOTALLY!
COME ON!
WHERE'S THE JADEN THAT
ALMOST BEAT ME BEFORE?!
HE'S RIGHT HERE!
I THINK...
I DON'T KNOW...
OF COURSE YOU DON'T.
HUH?
BECAUSE YOUR HEART
IS NOT IN THIS.
UH...AND NEITHER'S
MY STOMACH.
KINDA SKIPPED LUNCH.
Man: QUIT?! NO WAY!
DOROTHY?!
YOU AROUND?!
HEY, THERE!
HOW 'BOUT SOME GRUB!
OKAY! YOU GOT IT!
WHAT'S HE DOIN'?!
HAVING A SNACK?!
THEY SAY THE QUICKEST
WAY TO A MAN'S HEART
IS THROUGH HIS STOMACH.
JEALOUS?!
OH, PUH-LEEZE!
HA HA!
VERY ODD.
DON'T YOU THINK,
CHAZZ?
HELLO, IT'S JADEN!
EVERYTHING HE DOES
IS ODD!
MAYBE!
BUT AT LEAST HE'S
BEING HIMSELF.
HA HA! SY'S RIGHT!
I WASN'T BEING ME!
AND WHAT BETTER WAY
TO BE JADEN
THAN TO HAVE
A BIG MEAL, HUH!
SO, HOW ABOUT IT, ZANE?
DO YOU MIND IF I SCARF?
WHY NOT?
GREAT ANSWER!
JADEN CAN'T DO THAT!
THERE'S NO EATING HERE!
WHAT'S HE THINK
THIS IS?!
SOME SORT OF...
SMORGASBORD?!
CAN'T YOU CUT HIM A BREAK
FOR SAVING THE WORLD?
REMEMBER?
I'M TRYING NOT TO.
Jaden: MMM,
IT SMELLS GREAT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I WENT THIS WHOLE TIME
WITHOUT EATING!
HOW'S YOUR HEART NOW?
REVOLTING.
DON'T YOU THINK,
CHANCELLOR?
I THINK THAT WE'RE IN
FOR A MATCH NOW!
JUST WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN THAT JADEN
LEARNED A VALUABLE LESSON.
HE TRIED TO BE SOMEONE
THAT HE JUST ISN'T!
AND ALMOST LOST!
YOU SEE, JADEN'S
A GREAT DUELIST
NOT BECAUSE OF
HIS BOOK SMARTS,
BUT BECAUSE HE PLAYS
WITH HIS HEART, HIS SOUL...
AND EVEN HIS STOMACH!
ZANE HELPED HIM
FIND THE DUELIST
THAT HE LEFT BEHIND.
LEFT BEHIND?
OH, PLEASE!
HE LEFT NOTHING BEHIND!
OKAY! LET'S DUEL!
GOOD LUCK, JADEN!
GLAD I COULD HELP!
THANKS FOR THE GRUB!
YOU RULE!
NOW, THEN...
BRING IT!
HERE GOES!
I PLAY POT OF GREED!
WHICH MEANS I GET
TO DRAW TWO MORE CARDS!
AND NOW I'LL PLAY ONE:
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND HERE'S THE OTHER:
THE SPELL CARD SPY HERO!
IT'S ACTIVATED WHEN I
DISCARD TWO RANDOM CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
NOW MY SPY HERO CUTS IN
AND USES ALL HIS SUPER
STEALTH TO TAKE ONE OF
YOUR SPELL CARDS!
SEEMS THE OLD JADEN'S BACK!
[GASP]
HEY, THANKS, ZANE!
FUTURE FUSION!
NOW ALL I GOTTA DO
IS SACRIFICE
A COUPLE MONSTERS
THAT COULD BE COMBINED
TO FORM A FUSION
MONSTER AND BAM--
I GET WHAT THEY
WOULDA MADE!
SO SAY GOOD-BYE TO
BURSTINATRIX AND CLAYMAN
AND HELLO TO RAMPART
BLASTER IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT I'LL THROWDOWN
A COUPLEA FACEDOWNS!
IMPRESSIVE...
BUT TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE!
I SUMMON FORTH CYBER
PHOENIX IN ATTACK MODE!
WITH PHOENIX ON THE FIELD,
ANY SPELLS OR TRAPS
TARGETING A CERTAIN
MONSTER ARE DESTROYED!
WHICH MEANS THEIR EFFECT
GETS CANCELED OUT.
SEE WHERE I'M GOING
WITH THIS, JADEN?
YEAH, YEAH,
I GET IT, ZANE.
THE CYBER END DRAGON.
I CAN'T MESS WITH IT
WITH TRAP OR SPELL
CARDS ANYMORE.
[THINKING]
WHICH MEANS IT'S
PRACTICALLY INVINCIBLE!
WILL JADEN HURRY UP
AND LOSE ALREADY?
THIS IS A TOUGH SPOT.
WHAT TO DO?
YOUR BOYFRIEND'S
NOT DOING SO WELL!
JADEN'S A FRIEND!
WHO HAPPENS
TO BE A BOY!
THAT DOESN'T MAKE
HIM A BOYFRIEND!
OH, SUUURE!
LOOK!
I'M GLAD THAT YOU GOT
TO ENJOY YOUR LUNCH.
BUT NOW...
JUST TRY NOT TO LOSE IT!
CYBER END DRAGON,
ATTACK RAMPART BLASTER!
I ACTIVATE MY SPELL!
DE-FUSION!
IT LETS ME TAKES
ONE OF THE FUSION
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD,
AND SPLITS 'EM
BACK APART!
SORRY, JADEN!
CYBER END DRAGON
CAN'T BE SPLIT!
CYBER PHOENIX IS
PROTECTING HIM, REMEMBER?
I'M NOT GOIN' AFTER HIM!
I'M DEFUSIN' ONE OF MINE!
BY SPLITTIN'
RAMPART BLASTER,
I GET TWO MONSTERS,
AND YOU GET NO TARGET!
ALRIGHT!!
NOW THAT'S A LINEUP!
JADEN'S GOT FOUR
ELEMENTAL HEROES!
[THINKING] HM. EVEN
IF YOU ADD UP ALL THESE
HERO'S ATTACK POINTS,
THEY DON'T COME CLOSE
TO MY DRAGON'S 8,000.
HE'S MAKING A GRAVE ERROR...
UNLESS...
UNLESS, I'M NOT
ATTACKIN',
I'M SACRIFICIN'!
AND YOU'LL SEE WHY
WHEN I PLAY THIS!
ONE DOOZY
OF A TRAP CARD!
HERE COMES...
ELEMENTAL BURST!
OH, NO.
OH, YEAH!
NOW BY SACRIFICING
AN EARTH, WATER,
FIRE AND WIND
ATTRIBUTE MONSTER...
EACH AND EVERY CARD
ON YOUR FIELD GETS
TOTALLY DESTROYED!
AAH!
[GASPING]
HA HA HA!
SO LONG,
CYBER END DRAGON!
I CAN'T REALLY SAY THAT
I'M GONNA MISS HIM!
YOU WON'T HAVE
TO MISS HIM.
BECAUSE BY DESTROYING
CYBER PHOENIX,
I GET TO MOVE ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
DON'T YOU SEE?
THE WAY THAT I'VE
CALIBRATED MY DECK,
CYBER DRAGON'S
NEVER GONE LONG!
I'LL ALWAYS FIND
A WAY TO BRING HIM BACK.
YOU'RE BLUFFING!
BUT I'M NOT, JADEN.
BECAUSE THE CARD
I PICKED...
WAS THIS ONE!
A SPELL CALLED TIME FUSION!
AND WITH IT, TIME IS MOST
CERTAINLY ON MY SIDE.
AND HOW'S THAT EXACTLY?
BECAUSE NOW BY REMOVING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
FROM THE GAME,
IT ACTIVATES!
MEANING I CAN
AUTOMATICALLY CALL UP
A FUSION MONSTER
TO MY FIELD NEXT TURN
WITHOUT HAVING TO WAIT
FOR A SINGLE
SUMMONING REQUIREMENT!
[THINKING]
SO HE'S RIGHT?
THE CYBER END DRAGON
WILL RETURN!
AND SOON, TOO!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
AND IN JUST ONE TURN,
YOU'LL SEE WHY!
AND THE ACADEMY
WILL SEE YOU'RE A FRAUD!
DON'T FEEL BAD, JADEN.
YOU LOST TO THE BEST.
ALREADY WRITING YOUR
GRADUATION SPEECH, ZANE?
NOT SO FAST!
I'M STILL HERE!
OH, PLEASE! NOT FOR
VERY MUCH LONGER!
PERHAPS...
HE NEEDS
ONE GOOD DRAW!
YEP!
COME ON JADEN!
TRY AND HANG IN
THERE!!
ALRIGHT, MY TURN!
AND I'LL THROW DOWN...
A FACEDOWN!
[THINKING] YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
BETTER THAN THAT, JADEN...
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU SEE
WHAT I HAVE FOR YOU.
BRACE YOURSELF! MY TURN!
FIRST OFF THIS RETURNS
TO ME A CARD FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION!
I REMOVED IT FROM PLAY
TO ACTIVATE TIME FUSION,
BUT NOW IT'S BACK!
AND IT DOESN'T STOP THERE!
NEXT, ITS SPECIAL
EFFECT ACTIVATES,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS!
WE BOTH GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
[THINKING] TOO BAD NOTHING
CAN HELP YOU NOW, JADEN...
[THINKING] ZANE MUST BE
PRETTY CONFIDENT
TO BE LETTIN' ME
DRAW CARDS!
AND NOW, I CALL FORTH
CYBER END DRAGON!
NOT AGAIN!
YOU'D THINK
FOR ONCE
ZANE WOULD TRY
A COMBO WITHOUT
THAT DRAGON!
HEY, IF IT
AIN'T BROKE...
OF COURSE.
BECAUSE THE MONSTER
WAS SUMMONED
WITH TIME FUSION,
IT CAN'T ATTACK
UNTIL NEXT TURN.
NEXT TURN?!
MAN, HOW LONG DO I HAVE
TO WAIT TO SEE JADEN LOSE?!
AND I'LL FINISH
MY TURN BY LAYING
ONE FACEDOWN.
OH, DEAR ME!
I'M SWEATING BULLETS
OVER HERE!
CAN'T WE JUST
DECLARE ZANE
THE WINNER YET?
NOT YET, CROWLER!
AFTER ALL, IF THERE'S
ONE THING I'VE LEARNED,
IT'S NEVER TO COUNT JADEN OUT
UNTIL HIS LIFE POINTS ARE OUT!
MY DRAW! HA!
I ACTIVATE
FUSION RECOVERY!
THIS BRINGS BACK
POLYMERIZATION
AND BURSTINATRIX
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
SORRY, ZANE,
BUT YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN RE-SUMMON
A MONSTER!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
MIRACLE FUSION!
NOW I JUST REMOVE
AVIAN AND BURSTINATRIX
FROM PLAY...
AND I CAN SUMMON
THE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
BUT WAIT!
I'M NOT DONE YET!
GO POLYMERIZATION!
MERGE THE SPARKMAN
WITH FLAME WINGMAN
TO CREATE
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
AND HERE'S
THE CHERRY ON TOP.
FOR EACH ELEMENTAL HERO
THAT I GOT CHILLIN'
IN THE GRAVEYARD...
WINGMAN GETS 300
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, LET'S COUNT OFF!
HERO ROLL CALL!
ALRIGHT! NOW ATTACK
CYBER END DRAGON,
FLARE WINGMAN!
OH, YEAH! BUT FLARE
WINGMAN'S NOT DONE YET!
'CUZ WHEN HE DESTROYS
A MONSTER...
THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
AND THAT'S 4,000!
AAH!
SCHOOL'S OUT, ZANE.
NOT YET, IT'S NOT!
I ACTIVATE A TRAP CARD...
DAMAGE POLARIZER!
DAMAGE POLARIZER?!
NOW ALL DAMAGE FROM
A SPECIAL EFFECT
GETS REDUCED TO ZERO!
[GASPING]
WELL, I GOTTA HAND
IT TO YA, ZANE...
THAT'S A SWEET CARD!
AND AS THE "CHERRY ON TOP,"
WE NOW DRAW ONE CARD EACH.
AND FOR YOUR SAKE, JADEN...
I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE.
[THINKING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE--
[THINKING] I DREW---
Both: BATTLE FUSION!
I'LL JUST THROWDOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
I GUESS YOU'RE UP.
SO, WHAT'LL IT BE
THIS TIME?
YOU'LL SEE...
WELL, WHATEVER IT IS,
GOOD LUCK.
'CUZ SOMETHING
JUST TELLS ME
THIS IS THE LAST ROUND!
I AGREE.
[THINKING] THE LAST
ROUND FOR YOU, JADEN.
MY VICTORY IS ASSURED.
PREPARE FOR THE BITTER
TASTE OF DEFEAT, JADEN.
ALRIGHT! NOW! MY TURN!
I DON'T LIKE THAT SMILE!
ESPECIALLY SINCE
ZANE NEVER SMILES!
SOMETHING'S UP HERE.
YEAH! THAT'S FOR SURE!
AND I THINK WE'RE GONNA
SEE JUST WHAT EXACTLY
IT IS REALLY SOON!
GET SET FOR
THE FINAL ROUND
BETWEEN THIS SCHOOL'S
TWO BEST DUELISTS!
JADEN, IT'S BEEN FUN,
BUT NOW I'M AFRAID
THAT IT'S OVER!
I ACTIVATE POWER BOND!
SO NOW, BY SACRIFICING
THE RIGHT MONSTERS,
I CAN ONCE AGAIN SUMMON
THE CYBER END DRAGON!
BUT HOW?!
YOU GOTTA HAVE MONSTERS
TO SACRIFICE THEM!
CHAZZ IS RIGHT FOR ONCE.
HIS FIELD IS BARE!
I'M SORRY, I FORGOT...
I DON'T NEED MONSTERS!
I ACTIVATE:
CYBERNETIC FUSION SUPPORT!
BY TRADING HALF
MY LIFE POINTS,
I DON'T NEED TO MAKE
ANY SACRIFICES
TO SUMMON MY FUSION MONSTER!
SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADO...
LET'S WELCOME BACK
CYBER END DRAGON!
[THINKING] YOU KNOW,
I'M STARTING TO REALLY
GET SICK OF THIS THING.
AND THANKS
TO POWER BOND,
ITS ATTACK POINTS
DOUBLE!
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE THIS:
LIMITER REMOVAL!
TROUBLE!
VERY SEVERE TROUBLE!
ALL COMING
FOR JADEN!
THANKS TO THIS.
ALL MACHINE TYPE
MONSTERS OUT
GET THEIR ATTACK
POINTS DOUBLED,
AND GUESS WHAT TYPE
MY DRAGON IS?
YOU'RE THROUGH!
DON'T THINK SO!
GO BATTLE FUSION!
IF USED DURING A BATTLE,
MY MONSTER GAINS
AS MANY ATTACK POINTS
AS TRIPLE-CHROME DOME
OVER THERE!
HE CAN'T DO THAT!
IT SIMPLY MUST BE
AGAINST THE RULES!
OH, PLEASE!
THIS IS EVERYTHING
DUELING IS ABOUT!
NICE MOVE. BUT
IT'S ALL FOR NAUGHT.
I USE: THE SPELL CARD
BATTLE FUSION!
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN!
I HAVE ONE, TOO!
UH-OH.
WOW, ZANE!
YOU REALLY ARE GREAT!
I'M GONNA MISS YA!
AND I YOU, JADEN.
AND THAT'S WHY
I'M PASSING YOU THE TORCH.
ONCE I LEAVE HERE
YOU'LL BE THE TOP STUDENT
AT THIS SCHOOL.
DESPITE YOUR GRADES
OR YOUR RANK,
YOU'LL BE THE BEST,
SO MAKE ME PROUD.
I'LL GIVE IT MY ALL,
ZANE.
AND I'LL START
RIGHT HERE!
'CUZ THIS DUEL'S
NOT DONE!
HUH?
I STILL HAVE ONE
TRICK UP MY SLEEVE!
OH, YEAH!
AND HERE IT COMES!
I'M ACTIVATING...
THE TRAP KNOWN AS...
FINAL FUSION!
AH...HOW CLEVER.
IF THIS CARD'S PLAYED,
THE BOTH OF US
TAKE DAMAGE
TO OUR LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO OUR MONSTERS'
COMBINED ATTACK POINTS!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
SURE DO.
[SCREAMING]
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED?!
WHO WON?
AW, MAN.
[GASPING]
MM-HMM. HA HA HA!
HA HA HA!
OH...
YOU OKAY?
UH, I THINK.
HOW'S MY HAIR?
IS IT STILL THERE?
LOOKS LIKE A DRAW.
YEAH!
DOES THAT MEAN
WE GOTTA DUEL AGAIN?
ABSOLUTELY.
AND SOMEDAY WE WILL.
SWEET! I GUESS...
UNTIL THEN!
UNTIL THEN.
GOOD, I COULD USE
THE BREAK.
ME, TOO.
[LAUGHTER]
HMM.